#summary High-level setup instructions for AO

_This are high-level instructions. The links below should provide you with info to get started, but setting up many of these items is platform-specific, so google around and if you still are stuck email me._

== Web Components ==
  # Install Python, Java SDK, MySQL
  # Install Django
  # Install wadofstuff Django serializers
  # Install mysqldb python module
  # Create a mysql database called 'otalo', and a user 'otalo' and password 'otalo' with all privileges to it.

== Dev Environment ==
  # Setup web components above
  # Install Eclipse
  # Install [http://subclipse.tigris.org/servlets/ProjectProcess?pageID=p4wYuA Subclipse eclipse plugin]
  # Install [http://code.google.com/eclipse/docs/getting_started.html GWT eclipse plugin]
  # Checkout gwt folder from the repository (trunk/web/). You can follow the instructions [http://blog.msbbc.co.uk/2007/06/using-googles-free-svn-repository-with.html here]. Be sure to check out the code as a GWT project and name it 'ao' with package name 'org.otalo.ao'.
  # Checkout trunk/web/django into a new project ao_server. Optionally use [http://pydev.org/download.html python project plugin]
  # Checkout trunk/IVR into a new project ao_IVR. Optionally use [http://luaeclipse.luaforge.net/manual.html#installation lua plugin]

== Web Server ==
  # Setup web components above
  # Checkout trunk/web and place the code in a place you are comfortable with web server accessing it (a good place is /var/www). You can place the gwt and django_templates folders in /html subdirectory; the django folder can stay at the same level and renamed to 'otalo' for specificity.
  # In the django (or 'otalo') directory, run 'python manage.py syncdb' to setup the mysql tables. Run 'python manage.py loaddata production.json' and 'python manage.py loaddata tags.json' to seed the tables.
  # Install and configure mod_wsgi for your apache server
  # setup django project to interface with wsgi using these instructions
  # Be sure that the paths in django.wsgi, settings.py, and the paths in your apache config file are all matched up

== IVR ==
  # Download and install FreeSWITCH, with mod_shout enabled
  # Download and install lua and luasql
  # Open ports 5060, 5080 tcp and udp in server firewall (for centOS, use /sbin/iptables command)
  # Checkout trunk/IVR and drop the directory into /usr/local/freeswitch/scripts/AO (i.e. call the downloaded directory 'AO')
  # In FreeSWITCH's conf/dialplan/default directory, create a new dialplan for AO. Call it something like 001_otalo.xml, and make it look like this:

{{{
<extension name="incoming">
        <condition field="destination_number" expression="^30142000$">
            <action application="lua" data="AO/otalo.lua" />
        </condition>
 </extension>
}}}

The 'expression' attribute should correspond to your inbound PRI number or SIP extension (i.e. '5000', but make sure no other app is taking that extension (including in /dialplan/default.xml)). Default user ids are 1000, 1001, 1002, all with password 1234