==1. Tagging Content (1 week)==
  * In the web interface, add the ability to tag questions and answers
  * Content can have up to two tags: crop and/or topic
  * Place the tag fields in the details panel which currently has Name, location, etc. fields, but make tagging mandatory before content is approved or rejected

==2. Alerts (2 weeks)==
When new content of interest (at this time limit this to an answer to a posted question) has been posted to AO, the system leaves you a missed call. This should be implemented as a batch process so that alerts can be sent out at a time when we think callers would be most likely to call the system back.

Why don't we just have the alert be an actual call where the caller can listen to the message? It is a valid question, the main constraint here is cost. A missed call is free, but outgoing calls from AO would incur a charge to the administrator. We also don't have conclusive evidence to suggest that farmers wouldn't be willing to pay to access answers to their questions (after all, they are paying to post the question). For this deployment, we will start with missed calls.

==3. Personal Inbox (1 week)==
  * A third option for each forum, enabled through a new forum parameter
  * 3 suboptions
    ** Listen to threads which you are an author of, by most recently posted
    ** Listen to recommended content. Implement this as any content that matches the crop tags of personal content. If a user has no content, then there are no recommendations so the prompt suggests asking a question.
    ** Go back to the forum

==4. Rating of Answers (1 week)==
After listening to an answer, prompt user to rate it. Asking whether you liked/didn't like is too direct and there is no incentive to truthful. The rating system needs to have a consequence to the system and the user, as is the case in Digg. 

==5. Routing Questions for Answering (2 weeks)==
Instead of answerers calling the system themselves to answer questions, the system calls answerers with pending questions to answer and they are recorded over that call.

What is the routing algorithm? Since we have a small number of answerers, one approach is to create a randomized ring of the answerers, and keep calling along the ring until the question gets answered (Trying the next person if no one picks up or the person declines to answer). Another possibility is to set up the ring according to expertise, so that calls are first made to answerers with expertise (This would depend on tagged content).

In order to be flexible to answerer availability as well as system downtime, pinging answerers should be implemented as an offline process (that may or not be triggered by a question being asked).

What is the interface for answering calls? At a high level, the interaction begins by introducing the call as an automated one from AO, and introduces the question. The user listens to the question and then has the option to record a response or pass. Regardless of the choice, the system then asks if they would like to listen to another pending question (if one exists). This continues until the answerer hangs up, which they can do at any time.

The tone should be friendly and greatful, not pushy to answer more questions. For example, present questions one at a time and let the answerer answer how many they want, as opposed to, "There are 3 questions awaiting your answer." This may turn the caller off from answering any question if they are busy.

==Prompts Needed (2.5 weeks, in parallel)==
  * Inbox top-level option
  * Inbox suboptions
  * Inbox empty personal or recommended threads
  * Alert messages for each section
  * Answerer interface prompts

==Timeline==
  * By 3/17
    * Finalize design of features, call flows and prompts
    * Development and testing environment setup

  * 4/1
    * Tagging

  * 4/20
    * CHI
    * Inbox
    * Alerts
    * Guj prompt recording done

  * 5/1
    * Ratings

===Other tasks in between===
  * Study design, development, and (at least pilot) deployment
  * CHI talk
  * AO server move and administration
  